Added sim scaling guide for azure batch and docker containers (#197)
BonsaiAI/bonsaiai.github.io: source/includes/_sim-scale-guide.html.md

### What is a Job?

A Batch job is a logical group for one or more tasks. A job includes settings
common to the tasks, such as priority and the pool to run tasks on. Initially
the job has no tasks.

### What is a Task?

A task is the actual description of the workload you want to run on the pool.
When you add tasks to a job, the Batch service automatically schedules the tasks
for execution on the compute nodes in the pool. Each task uses the application
that you uploaded to process the input files.

### [Docker Container](https://www.docker.com/)

A container is a standard unit of software that packages up code and all its
dependencies, so the application runs quickly and reliably from one computing
environment to another. A Docker container image is a lightweight, standalone,
executable package of software that includes everything needed to run an
application: code, runtime, system tools, system libraries and settings. In this
example, we’re using a Linux based docker container to run a python-based
simulation with the Bonsai platform but there is no reason it wouldn’t run with
a Windows based docker container.

### Azure Container Registry (ACR)

> https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-registry/

Author: will do. Thanks.

az account set -subscription -s <Azure-SubId> 

az acr login --resource-group <your-resource-group> --name <your-acr> 
```

Use the Azure CLI for logging into your Azure Container Registry. You need your
Azure Subscription-ID, Azure Resource-Group and ACR-ID at this point.

```
cd <~/your-simulation/>
```

###Create Docker Image

>Copy and paste the following into your Dockerfile

```
FROM ubuntu:16.04  

ADD *\<first-file-in-your-simulation-directory\>* /simulation/*\<first-file\>*

ADD *\<second-file…\>*

RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends && apt-get upgrade -y 
RUN apt-get install python3 python3-pip -y --no-install-recommends 
RUN pip3 install setuptools wheel 
RUN pip3 install -r */\<path-to-requirements\>*/requirements.txt 
```

Navigate to the simulation you want to use for training. If you don’t have one,
there are a number of examples on the Bonsai [github](https://github.com/BonsaiAI).
Clone your selection and enter the directory.

Use your preferred editor for creating a Dockerfile:

You need to add all needed simulation files including bonsai related files into
the docker container by using the “ADD” command. It’s advised to not add the

> .bonsai file as it includes your private access key that you may want to keep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.bonsai file as it includes your private access key that you should keep
```

```

###Create a job
Jobs are containing multiple tasks and run on your pool.

>Copy and Paste into task.json

```
[ 

         { 

         "id": "simulation-task-1", 

         "displayName": "Simulation", 

         "commandLine": "python3 /simulation/<your-sim-start> --url <bonsai_url> --username <bonsai_username> --accesskey <bonsai_accesskey>", 

         "constraints": { 

             "maxTaskRetryCount": 0, 

             "maxWallClockTime": "P10D" 

         }, 

         "containerSettings": { 

             "containerRunOptions": null, 

             "imageName": "<your-acr>.azurecr.io/<your-simulation>:1.0", 

             "registry": null 

         }, 

         "environmentSettings":[] 

     } 

 ]
```
  
### Create tour first task
```
az batch task create --job-id <your-job-name> --json-file ./task.json 
```
Use your preferred editor and create a file named “task.json”. This allows you
to simplify managing parameters when creating tasks. Please copy and paste the
 content to the right into your editor and update \<your-sim-start>,\<bonsai_url>,
  \<bonsai_username>,\<bonsai_accesskey,\<your-sim-start>,\<your-acr>.

> Run the `az batch` command, it will create a task with the id:“simulation-task-1”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `az batch` command, it will create a task with the id “simulation-task-1”.
```

Create additional tasks by modifying the task.json file as needed.

More background on jobs and tasks can be found here:
<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/batch/scripts/batch-cli-sample-run-job>

You can create additional jobs using the “Create Job” step with a different
“job-id” and then use the “az batch task create …” command to assign a task to
that newly created job. This could be useful if you want to associate jobs with
differently configured pools.

## View progress of your training

Visit <https://beta.bons.ai>, go to your dashboard and select the BRAIN you are
currently training. It’s recommended to validate that data from the simulator is
being fed into the Brain by monitoring the simulation tab of the training graph.

> At this point, training status should have changed to “Simulator: Connected”.

Reviewer: This may take a few minutes after starting the job, right? Set expectations properly in this paragraph if needed...

Author: I'll add something

## Check log files

If the simulator won’t connect and no data is arriving at the BRAIN, please
review the log files associated with your Azure Batch pool. Go to
<https://portal.azure.com> and navigate to your Azure Batch Pool. Select the
node in your pool and enter the “files” section. If anything went wrong, error
files should show up at this location and provide more details of the problem.
This assumes that your locally executed container worked, and you’ve created a
pool based on a single node.  

> On <http://beta.bons.ai> you will see standard out from one of the simulators

Reviewer: Is this true? My understanding was that stdout only shows up for managed sims...

Author: It is. I'll verify again but it showed up last time I ran it.

when training is running and a simulator is connected. It should show the same
standard console output that you expect when running the docker container
manually on your local machine.

## Clean-up

> >Terminate all completed tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Terminate completed jobs
```
